{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2807
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy
\f1\b0 \
Effective Date: June 30, 2024\
Welcome to Control-It! Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we handle your data and what measures we take to protect your privacy.\

\f0\b 1. Data Collection
\f1\b0 \
Control It does not collect any personal data. All data is stored locally on your device and is never transmitted to our servers or any third parties.\

\f0\b 2. Data Storage
\f1\b0 \
All data generated and used by Control It is stored on your device. This includes any settings, preferences, and other user data. You are responsible for managing and backing up your data.\

\f0\b 3. Data Security
\f1\b0 \
We take reasonable measures to protect your data stored on your device. However, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data. Please ensure your device is secure and protected against unauthorized access.\

\f0\b 4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
\f1\b0 \
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on our website or within the App. Your continued use of our Services after such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.\

\f0\b 5. Contact Us
\f1\b0 \
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at micahcrandell.dev@gmail.com.}